.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Plugin Submission Form

## 1. Metadata
<!--
Please provide the following metadata of your plugin to make it easier for the reviewer to check the changes.
  - Plugin Author : The author of the plugin which is defined in your manifest.yaml
  - Plugin Name   : The name of the plugin which is defined in your manifest.yaml
  - Repository URL: The URL of the repository where the source code of your plugin is hosted
-->

- **Plugin Author**: 
- **Plugin Name**: 
- **Repository URL**: 

## 2. Submission Type

- [ ] New plugin submission
- [ ] Version update for existing plugin

## 3. Description
<!-- Please briefly describe the purpose of the new plugin or the updates made to the existing plugin -->

## 4. Checklist

- [ ] I have read and followed the Publish to Dify Marketplace guidelines
- [ ] I have read and comply with the Plugin Developer Agreement
- [ ] I confirm my plugin works properly on both Dify Community Edition and Cloud Version
- [ ] I confirm my plugin has been thoroughly tested for completeness and functionality
- [ ] My plugin brings new value to Dify

## 5. Documentation Checklist

Please confirm that your plugin README includes all necessary information:

- [ ] Step-by-step setup instructions
- [ ] Detailed usage instructions
- [ ] All required APIs and credentials are clearly listed
- [ ] Connection requirements and configuration details

## 6. Privacy Protection Information

Based on Dify Plugin Privacy Protection [Guidelines](https://docs.dify.ai/plugins/publish-plugins/publish-to-dify-marketplace/plugin-privacy-protection-guidelines):

### Data Collection
<!-- Does your plugin collect any user personal data? If yes, please list what types of user personal data are being collected according to the Plugin Privacy Protection Guidelines (for example: Email address, IP address, Age, etc) -->

### Privacy Policy

- [ ] I confirm that I have prepared and included a privacy policy in my plugin package based on the Plugin Privacy Protection Guidelines

Commit message:

feat(pull_request_template): add a checkbox to ensure that the README has a link to the repository

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Plugin Submission Form

## 1. Metadata
<!--
Please provide the following metadata of your plugin to make it easier for the reviewer to check the changes.
  - Plugin Author : The author of the plugin which is defined in your manifest.yaml
  - Plugin Name   : The name of the plugin which is defined in your manifest.yaml
  - Repository URL: The URL of the repository where the source code of your plugin is hosted
-->

- **Plugin Author**: 
- **Plugin Name**: 
- **Repository URL**: 

## 2. Submission Type

- [ ] New plugin submission
- [ ] Version update for existing plugin

## 3. Description
<!-- Please briefly describe the purpose of the new plugin or the updates made to the existing plugin -->

## 4. Checklist

- [ ] I have read and followed the Publish to Dify Marketplace guidelines
- [ ] I have read and comply with the Plugin Developer Agreement
- [ ] I confirm my plugin works properly on both Dify Community Edition and Cloud Version
- [ ] I confirm my plugin has been thoroughly tested for completeness and functionality
- [ ] My plugin brings new value to Dify

## 5. Documentation Checklist

Please confirm that your plugin README includes all necessary information:

- [ ] Step-by-step setup instructions
- [ ] Detailed usage instructions
- [ ] All required APIs and credentials are clearly listed
- [ ] Connection requirements and configuration details
- [ ] Link to the repository for the plugin source code

## 6. Privacy Protection Information

Based on Dify Plugin Privacy Protection [Guidelines](https://docs.dify.ai/plugins/publish-plugins/publish-to-dify-marketplace/plugin-privacy-protection-guidelines):

### Data Collection
<!-- Does your plugin collect any user personal data? If yes, please list what types of user personal data are being collected according to the Plugin Privacy Protection Guidelines (for example: Email address, IP address, Age, etc) -->

### Privacy Policy

- [ ] I confirm that I have prepared and included a privacy policy in my plugin package based on the Plugin Privacy Protection Guidelines
